you need to wait down
what's with the jeans yeah I gotta take
a shit
really let's get through this stuff but
yeah I'm have to stop this me my 2nd
crazy I know why the green smoothies
you've had to in to talk about it let's
just fucking go crazy Wow you should
have turned it down I told you I didn't
tell you my head I told you not to drink
it and I'm fucking you got a shit I'm
saying colors what do you think it's
gonna be like Oh can I guess the number
yeah
6 I bet it's a sick it feels like a 6
it's an urgent matter I can't wait to
hear all about it this is our second six
of the day it's the green smoothies I
fucking you can't handle vegetables we
gotta stop I gotta go love to be pick
this up in a second my phone yeah you
better wipe down bears buddy wipe up
wipe your balls off take the bit I told
him
Wow yeah well we got way to save it how
did it go
blew it out huh that was bad
well two green smoothies in 25 days Lee
how can you and I are you went to take
shit and then immediately I felt I had
the shit was yours like it was a little
squirrely squirrely I enticed me I was a
little nauseous after that shake up this
night mine was horrific
really yeah it was an absolute disaster
Saget much
there was a seven six and a half whoops
save it for them for the air yeah this
is breaking news man I want to deprive
anybody of the story
and we're back so let's walk me through
it before our sponsors get there what
they pay for that was an emergency
yeah yeah I had a green smoothie right
before we lie I'm sick
we should divulge that I am I've been
drinking smoothies because I'm trying to
get like just good stuff into me yeah
and I drink I don't know a great one
last night would you just put the greens
in there and and then there was like a
superfood powder that's what it is
that's what it is the powder it's that
plant one that the nutritionist gave me
it messes up people's stomachs so be
careful if it doesn't mess you up great
but he's like that will make you go to
the bathroom a lot remember we were on
that juicing fix yeah that's super green
stuff yeah that made me just shart
immediately so you shit here at the
office oh my god you don't understand
liquid it was hot liquid got fire and
six or seven it was about a six and a
half I mean there was a little solid
business do you want to lay down
are you tired I want to tap out for sure
what was the cleanup like the cleanup
was um I mean it was a little bit I
don't know if I cleaned up actually then
why
how does the pate was it on the paper a
lot yeah but is actually easier to clean
those up then thicker mush here that's
true because when I have five and a
half's
that's why I have to go into the shower
because they're kind of chunky that's it
and can I point something out here and
then you smush it onions you hate that
about too much too many ads before the
parole
there's no ad yet you're getting a show
right now okay it's it's almost 8
minutes in we haven't done an ad and
we're in full show mode no bus table
because life takes over though Tom I
know life is art art is live so you
would take that mess that I made let's
say straight to the shower absolutely no
wipes no no fucking maniac you're sad
but here's what I do for like a 5 and a
half if there's a little chunky I do
wipe I do one wipe - I used to
investigate it and then I go she hears
what's the point I'll be wiping all day
yeah my son like I haven't had me
drinking green smoothie for three years
and realizing it they may be shit guess
what Isis shit really bad again are you
serious
to the point where we're gonna have to
stop this now we have to stop this okay
I have to shit really bad we're 40
minutes into the show
I got a shit absolutely fucking dinner
party please yeah it's fucking bad okay
you are you still in sync no I took one
shit the first time he should know
that's why I didn't have a gray smoothie
this morning cuz I knew this would
happen dude I can't do two in 24 hours
he's a crazy all right we're back
Wow it was um it was horrible can you
describe it well there's less in me
because you know I kind of got a lot out
of me yeah but and did you have cramping
before you shit like did it hurt
it was rumbling and you know I was
trying to see if I could basically hold
it right no no but it didn't hurt coming
out no I didn't hurt coming out but it
was really not nice because when I have
diarrhea I get like really painful
cramps ain't cramps you know yeah and
then I shit like it fucking hurts did it
hurt your culo it hurt a little more
this one there's a little more sting to
it this time hotter
yeah it was it was hotter and it wasn't
you know it wasn't nice it wasn't it
nice and how was the cleanup um it was
you know sloppy was bad I mean it took a
minute so you wonder how couples who
hide bowel movements from each other
would deal with a moment like this yeah
always like how do you how do you
pretend like they're going to happen
because I'm not feeling well on the
other side of the house you know yeah
my tummy hurts yeah yeah it's
right well my asshole name is listen
yeah you're assholes and shambles